Summary of Project

I really enjoyed having the freedom to work on my own AI project from start to finish in this class. I wanted to create something that could show potential students and community members the power and fun of AI in a win/lose setting. I decided to create a courtroom simulator because everyone understands the setting and every case always ends with a Guilty or Not Guilty verdict. Having AI generate the closing statements and judge verdict can really display how powerful NLP has become recently. Allowing the players to fully type in their responses to the questions allows experimentation with the way my model will react to what they submit. I also decided on AI generated voices to read the prompts to make the experience more immersive for the players. I originally tried to create my own NLP model to generate the closing arguments but I found that I wasn't able to provide enough raw data for my model to understand all the different inputs I wanted my players to submit. I decided to utilize OpenAI's GPT-4 model because it has a massive amount of depth and can easily determine what the intent of the player's replies are. Deciding to use an API saved me a lot of time and effort and allowed me to provide a full and complete game/program to present at the AI/Security event in April.
I would like to continue working on this project and I have a few goals in mind. First, I would like it to run on a website with a really nice GUI. My current program is all run form a command window and doesn't include graphics or buttons. A web based application could improve usability and immerse players even more in the experience. My next idea is to develop NFT lawyer avatars where each one has unique traits and art, this would help players relate to their lawyer and provide a wide variety of lawyer types. These changes are fairly large projects to take on but I started the project with something like this in mind so I really want to see it happen.
